# snychronization-problem
 I am using Hp with Radeon (TM) R7M340, AMD Radeon R7 Graphics. I am having difficulties running psychophysics   experiments( the purpose for which I bought the laptop). Radeon Free sync is not supported! When I run an experiment I get a VBL unsupported feedback. it sucks. attached is a similar error I get, kindly help me to get out of this. Thank you.  PTB-INFO: This is Psychtoolbox-3 for Microsoft Windows, under Matlab 64-Bit (Version 3.0.15 - Build date: Oct 19 2018). PTB-INFO: Support status on this operating system release: Windows 10 (Version 10.0) supported and tested to some limited degree. PTB-INFO: Type 'PsychtoolboxVersion' for more detailed version information. PTB-INFO: Most parts of the Psychtoolbox distribution are licensed to you under terms of the MIT License, with PTB-INFO: some restrictions. See file 'License.txt' in the Psychtoolbox root folder for the exact licensing conditions.    PTB-INFO: OpenGL-Renderer is ATI Technologies Inc. :: AMD Radeon R7 Graphics :: 4.6.13544 Compatibility Profile Context 25.20.15011.1004 PTB-INFO: VBL startline = 768 , VBL Endline = 795 PTB-INFO: Measured monitor refresh interval from beamposition = 16.665686 ms [60.003530 Hz]. PTB-INFO: Will use beamposition query for accurate Flip time stamping. PTB-INFO: Measured monitor refresh interval from VBLsync = 16.672674 ms [59.978381 Hz]. (50 valid samples taken, stddev=0.258828 ms.) PTB-INFO: Reported monitor refresh interval from operating system = 16.666667 ms [60.000000 Hz]. PTB-INFO: Small deviations between reported values are normal and no reason to worry. PTB-INFO: ============================================================================================================================== PTB-INFO: WINDOWS DWM DESKTOP COMPOSITOR IS ACTIVE. On this Windows-10 or later system, Psychtoolbox can no longer reliably detect if PTB-INFO: this will cause trouble for timing and integrity of visual stimuli or not. You might be just fine, or you could be in trouble. PTB-INFO: Use external measurement equipment and independent procedures to verify reliability of timing if you care about proper timing. PTB-INFO: ==============================================================================================================================  WARNING: Couldn't compute a reliable estimate of monitor refresh interval! Trouble with VBL syncing?!?   ----- ! PTB - ERROR: SYNCHRONIZATION FAILURE ! ----  One or more internal checks (see Warnings above) indicate that synchronization of Psychtoolbox to the vertical retrace (VBL) is not working on your setup.  This will seriously impair proper stimulus presentation and stimulus presentation timing! Please read 'help SyncTrouble' for information about how to solve or work-around the problem. You can force Psychtoolbox to continue, despite the severe problems, by adding the command Screen('Preference', 'SkipSyncTests', 1); at the top of your script, if you really know what you are doing.
